
 
	
	背景信息: It is generally true that high-profile athletes are widely recognized as public figure, as happens with celebrities in other entertainment professions. 
	自己观点：Despite the fact that these stars may help young people to develop positive attitude towards life, I still believe that the negative effects they have far outweigh their positive impacts as off-field role models. 
		

	观点句: It has to be admitted that these stars could  exert positive influence on youngsters and one 
	argument in favour of this view can be that  they can convey their attributes about performance, 
	character and resilience that draw admiration from fans. 
	
	解释 This is because these starts spend hours of efforts on training on daily basis and we tend to 
	celebrate and emulate their on-field performance/ heroics. 
	
	举例 For example, Kobe Bryant serve as  a role model for millions of young individuals. His leadership, teamwork, physical power and other positive on-court behaviours  can deeply inspire and instil confidence in them. 
	
	结果: This, certainly, means that these young individual feel greatly motivated to achieve success in both their careers and studies. 
	
	观点句：On the other hand, I still believe that these celebrities could have damaging effects, simply 
	Because they, more often than not,  could create negative public images. 

	
	举例: As illustration, Justin Bieber, like many other stars, received limited education during his youth. This suggest that their off-stage actions may required significant oversight.
	
	讨论: This example makes it clear that he may instil wrong moral value into young individuals, such as money worshipping.
	
	结论: As a result (Consequently), this may persuade young individual to give up their academic pursuit altogether. The justification of treating a star as role model becomes questionable. 
	
	
	
	重申观点：In conclusion, although these stars may set good examples for young individual in certain way, they are largely responsible for misbehaviours among youngsters.
	未来展望/给出建议：It is well advised that youngsters should not follow their idols blindly and parents should properly supervise their children, because it is difficult to see, in a partical sense, how athletes functions community role models if disruptive behaviour about them outside of sports can be frequently encountered. 
